README.md, before:

# Driver for user software to controll KeDei 3.5" TFT LCD on SPI without custom kernel

I had in plans to create a custom driver but I decided this is not worth my time. I'm going to "re-interface" this lcd to be supported by fbtft. I have a prototype pcb with fbtft-spi interface ready (I have to send this project to pcb prototype service).

# LCD Module
There is 8 version already each one is built on different LCD display, constant is:
- SPI to LCD interface
- draw commands (cmds for setting draw window in lcd)

I have moved data from `lcd-photos` to `lcd-module-info` and groupped informations (and kernels) by lcd version.

# Test code
I have written for v1 some test routines that init lcd and draw few colors using different drivers (python, libbcm2835, linux-spi).

# Adapter FBTFT test
Unfortunatly, because of my "spider-circuit" I've broken my lcd (I've made a some short :cry: ), but my v1 pcb adapter (one-side pcb with wire jumpers) works identically like the spider-like circuit so I assume the circuit is ok and connections too, but lcd gone bad... See photos in ```hw-hack\v2.1\results``` :)

# Links
- KeDei kernel/sysimage files: http://en.kedei.net/raspberry/raspberry.html
- I have created a "backup" repo for kedei sysimages: https://www.mediafire.com/folder/t709uvp6a3ftb/kedei-sysimg and kernels: https://www.mediafire.com/folder/t709uvp6a3ftb/kedei-sysimg
- Topic on raspberrypi forum: https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=124961 - you can get there help, but first check whole thread because your question might be already answered.

# EOF
This is probably end of me playing with KeDei lcds. From this point, I'm going to buy next displays that are nativly supported by fbtft :smile: (and fbtft is now part of official raspberry pi kernel :smile: ).

##What lcds are compatible?
Check this page: https://github.com/notro/fbtft/wiki/LCD-Modules

# EOT

Commit message:

Updated info for 6.3 version. Added references for init seq. for v6.2 and code for for v5.0. Resized and changed file type for few images to make them smaller in size.

README.md, after:

# Changelog
- 2016-06-18
 - some minor changes in structure of repo, added some info about versions & photos
- 2016-08-05
 - I decided to add change log section :D
 - Added info for reverse engineered init for v5 lcd in ```tests```


# Driver for user software to controll KeDei 3.5" TFT LCD on SPI without custom kernel

I had in plans to create a custom driver but I decided this is not worth my time. I'm going to "re-interface" this lcd to be supported by fbtft. I have a prototype pcb with fbtft-spi interface ready (I have to send this project to pcb prototype service).

# LCD Module
There is 8 version already each one is built on different LCD display, constant is:
- SPI to LCD interface
- draw commands (cmds for setting draw window in lcd)

I have moved data from `lcd-photos` to `lcd-module-info` and groupped informations (and kernels) by lcd version.

# Test code
I have written for v1 some test routines that init lcd and draw few colors using different drivers (python, libbcm2835, linux-spi).

# Adapter FBTFT test
Unfortunatly, because of my "spider-circuit" I've broken my lcd (I've made a some short :cry: ), but my v1 pcb adapter (one-side pcb with wire jumpers) works identically like the spider-like circuit so I assume the circuit is ok and connections too, but lcd gone bad... See photos in ```hw-hack\v2.1\results``` :)

# Links
- KeDei kernel/sysimage files: http://en.kedei.net/raspberry/raspberry.html
- I have created a "backup" repo for kedei sysimages: https://www.mediafire.com/folder/t709uvp6a3ftb/kedei-sysimg and kernels: https://www.mediafire.com/folder/t709uvp6a3ftb/kedei-sysimg
- Topic on raspberrypi forum: https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=44&t=124961 - you can get there help, but first check whole thread because your question might be already answered.

# EOF
This is probably end of me playing with KeDei lcds. From this point, I'm going to buy next displays that are nativly supported by fbtft :smile: (and fbtft is now part of official raspberry pi kernel :smile: ).

##What lcds are compatible?
Check this page: https://github.com/notro/fbtft/wiki/LCD-Modules

# EOT
